Upgrade Recipes to Substrate 3.0 (#419)
JoshOrndorff/recipes: text/basic-pow.md

[runtime APIs](./runtime-api.md) that affect the engine. For example, Aura and Babe query the
runtime for the set of validators. A more real-world PoW consensus would query the runtime for the
block difficulty. Additionally, some runtimes rely on the consensus engine to provide
[pre-runtime digests](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/v3.0.0/sp_runtime/generic/enum.DigestItem.html#variant.PreRuntime).
For example, runtimes that include the Babe pallet expect a pre-runtime digest containing
information about the current babe slot.

In this recipe we will avoid those practical complexities by using the

> [Minimal Sha3 Proof of Work](./sha3-pow-consensus.md) consensus engine, which is truly isolated from fro mthe runtime. This node works with most of the recipes' runtimes, and has the super runtime isntalled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Minimal Sha3 Proof of Work](./sha3-pow-consensus.md) consensus engine, which is truly isolated from the runtime. This node works with most of the recipes' runtimes, and has the super runtime installed by default.
```
